On a typical day the hours you work in the military vary depending on
the kind of duty you're serving. If you're serving overseas, especially
in the combat zone, obviously in your in active combat you may be
serving twenty four hours a day. But even in a combat zone doing technical
work you're probably going to be working almost half of every
day seven days a week. But then when you get back state side you're
given kind of easy duty, a lot of slack time, and you might only
work part time during the day. And then there's a lot of leave that
you can take so even in Vietnam, we were given an opportunity to take
what they call 'basket leave' that is done charge leave of of the
week every couple of months. You could take some time off and there
were times when they would stand out to you where it would just have
time. So it varies all over the place and that's of one of the benefits
of one of the problems with the military is it isn't steady, sometimes
it is working all day and sometimes it it's take it easy.